Yes.
You fucking bastard.
This is an invasion of privacy and a literal crime.
So if you or anyone else shares that, I'll sue the shit out of you.
You see, he's losing his shit over his little pet assistant.
They're clearly sleeping together.
How can you work with these emotional freaks?
Please, don't listen to those nonsense.
No, it's true.
There is something between us.
You see, I was right, but just so that you know I'm into him and he keeps
rejecting me.
And that's for you, you piece of shit.
I'm going to kick the living shit out of you, even if it does cost me this job.
This is fun.
Somebody kick Gita out.
You can't be serious.
And as for you guys, I'd like to make up to you with this joint venture.
Frank, I apologise for what happened in the past.
The past.
How about today?
I don't give a damn about your apology.
Just help me get this deal across the line with the picture.
I'll help you with anything.
Right here.
Right now.
Sickening.
Even if I were dumb enough to let you touch me, how about the fact that I'm already married?
What?
Who are you married to?